all the girls out there just like oh
he's so cute respectful it's so nice I
know how you go alright so I see you
enjoying right now by rain over with
covers presented by Omni slash in the
third week of the NLCS because CLG has
just well I don't know if you guys are
starting to swing back or whatever but
echovox was undefeated now they're not
what what happened in that game I asked
literally because I was across the
street filming a secret thing on the
game we kind of get into like the game
as a mindset that or less like make less
mistake cuz um felt like like most of
the games we lost is from like I was
making a mistake or forcing play causing
like a mistake so we kind of like go
into the game as a mindset like let's
calm down at the place so and let's just
do what is what the opportunity and we
can also just make wait for enemy team
making mistake and I think it was
working pretty well I think they still
will be punished like really hard on
like me Junko so the game was pretty
hard but going on to the game I think
the draft was our favor so everyone felt
pretty comfy and I think the game kind
of went to like how we have been
practicing and how we expect it so I
think that's why we have been weakly win
so did CLG they figure it out cuz I
heard you guys were doing well in scrims
does that mean that you know after you
were win last week and your win today
clg's brought that scrim level to the
stream so our team like we have been
winning we have been having a lot of
success even since like even before we
go on even during like the bootcamp we
always have been having really good
results on screen but on stage somehow
we were making like way too much mistake
I think it was like from us like trying
to force a lot of like place and we're
clearly not on that level of like
forcing place so we always making a lot
of mistakes so
but today yeah oh I was saying are you
okay you guys have been doing well in
scrims you couldn't bring it to yes
so have you fixed it now we're gonna
start saying CLG from scrims on
broadcast all the time yes I don't think
we've fixed like 100% I don't think we
have been showing our like performance
of scrim yet on stage even like today's
game but I think we're getting there
pretty fast
yeah we have been working on it really
like focusing on it like 100% so I think
we will get there pretty soon yeah I
know you just talked to who neon
broadcasts with awfully but I didn't
want to ask you a little bit about what
it was like facing him and did you were
you able to exploit any of your
knowledge of hooni and that match or you
know help your team beat them because
you're you know who nice oh well so I
think blue side is pretty easy to play
on top side and we have a lot of
practice on it too
so if we if I had like some other sub I
ganking jungle outside of nunu then I
would probably attempt like few top
gangs or dives since they're in the game
because I think who do you really want
to be aggressive and as I saying Fox
game they tends to play through their
solo solo Rangers so we have been
practicing playing aggressive and soul
with the soul winners too so I think if
you had like a good champ to pressure
topside jungle I think we would have
been doing it too so I guess this game
it was not possible to like try to go on
huni's lane that much because of like
our tough jungle champion but I think we
attempt like one dive top and they
reacted like pretty badly so like they
burn all our resources so we could be
like a lot of ahead and what's a jungle
I think I'm satisfied about that
situation so I think that's like the
only play that was happening on top
ciders jungler when I one of the reasons
I asked this question is because when I
interviewed you before the start of
split you talked about how you wanted to
play with hooni but in you know didn't
work out then I asked hooning about it
and he said of course you wanted to play
with me
he needs me and so you were able to beat
up today so does it feel good to come
out and beat Unni especially after he's
kind of said something that stuff well
it's not like I'm definitely happy but
it's not like I am happy because I bid
honey is this because I bid like Fox was
undefeated team and they were playing
really well on stage we what we did
still make mistake but we reduced our
mistake on stage and just we could I
could just see like the progress that
like the result that was happening on
stage so I mostly just happy about that
and having like a victory on like first
day of the week because the next day
tomorrow the match we're gonna be even
more confident we're gonna play even
more like clean so yeah I'm just happy
about the situation but yeah extra happy
because I could beat honey that is
that's a really polite response the one
that you need to do if you need to get
if you want your Twitter fans is like I
want a vet who knee in the ground today
shows that we can beat him he I he needs
me more than I need him it's fine you
know that's what that's what you need to
go with in the future if you want to get
some fans well fans like me as the way I
am right now so yes all all the girls
out there just like oh he's so cute
respectful it's so nice I know how you
go alright so I see you so with with CLG
how what did you guys do this week to
make sure that you were able to pick
stuff up because a lot of people jad has
you number one and he still stays with
it too you guys had some tough weeks
James and Jax still thinks you guys are
gonna be a top team so what did you do
this week to make sure that you hit that
point even though our stage II players
have like really really good mental
state and like good attitude like when
you have like a lot of failure and on
stage like you feel like really
frustrated because you know that you can
do better than that way better than that
and everyone was feeling same so like
but we were still managing to like keep
our mental state really good and like
have a really really efficient practice
and I'm really really grateful for that
that our players are staying in a really
good night so even though like we're
failing a lot of stage but and as doing
that I think we could make a really good
progress from like being
on bottom and I think it's like showing
slowly on the stage and of winning
today's game I think everyone get even
more confident and people can clearly
see what happened if you just don't make
mistakes oh yeah so yeah I feel really
good because everyone's attitude is
perfect finally I want to ask you a
little bit about the meta and the game
because I found out last week that a lot
of pro players feel very strongly about
certain things in the meta right now
like I asked Akkadian about something he
went off on a giant rant about
stopwatches Paul Beltre hates how
quickly people can teleport and it was
very upset about that do you have
anything in the game right now that is
frustrating you or is you think it's in
an okay place also what are you doing
with your hands what is this stretching
okay my performance coach always told me
if you're not doing anything just good
well you're doing an interview you can
stretch my interview I don't mind you
can do this much you could exercise in
this interview if you're not it wanted
to
is there anything is there anything in
this meta that is driving you crazy I
think they have pretty similar opinion
as other players
I hate stopwatch but I also like
stopwatch in other hand because I think
stopwatch makes the game like pretty I
mean more fun because it's like one of
like a safe tool so people can play one
aggressive play and they always have
like a back-up plan which is stopwatch
so I think seeing some of those some of
those like early aggression with the
stopwatch seems pretty cool but but I
think I don't think it's bad but as a
jungler it feels pretty bad because it's
pretty hard to dive people early game
it's pretty hard to gank people the game
and if you're the one who's like maybe
having an aggression stopwatch kind of
like a burn a lot of time inside like
enemy jungle so I think if you're like a
team or jungler don't want to play
video received from early-game I think
if stopwatches nerve that they would be
better so for me I would prefer to stop
was getting there if like somehow
changed but I'm also happy because
stopwatch also make me able to play like
extra aggressive and then last question
PO Beltre yelled at you as we were
sitting for this interview off-camera he
said come get your clothes so I'd love
to get context on what the story is
there so no polluter is living on my old
house auntie OH
and when I left here for the break I
didn't know that I was not gonna be
auntie all right because I was
contracted to them and it happened to be
for me to left the team so all my stuff
says in the house I think oh the
furnitures in my room I don't know how
my room changed because I bought
furnitures and like I just decorated my
rooms too so I don't know who's using it
but there's all my clothes so I just
telling need to get the clothes but I
take other clothes to Korea that I
wanted so I I just told him that you can
just throw it away all right you're just
gonna throw away the clothes so anything
that you want to say to any of the fans
out there yes so we have been having
pretty slow start and we everyone is
definitely unsatisfied and very very not
happy and very frustrated for the result
but we are still trying her best and
we're very confident that we can show on
stage soon our results like progress
that we're making so I think it'll be
really grateful if all the fans outside
keep cheering for us and share those
like emotions together good thank you so
much training over for the interview and
congratulations on the big win helping
to make the NA LCS more interesting I
really appreciate it makes my job easier
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I will say
thank you so much for the support and
watching my content if you want to you
can subscribe and you'll see more
don't do it cuz he sucks omni / sponsor
- brought to you by content right here
on my channel